[DOCS-9479] SDS expansion with cloud storage (#27159)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/sensitive_data_scanner/_index.md

---
title: Sensitive Data Scanner
disable_toc: false
further_reading:
    - link: "/sensitive_data_scanner/setup/telemetry_data"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Set up Sensitive Data Scanner for Telemetry Data"
    - link: "/sensitive_data_scanner/setup/cloud_storage"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Set up Sensitive Data Scanner for Cloud Storage"

>       text: "Regular expression syntax for custom scanning rules"

Author: Weird! I wonder if it was when I tried to fix the conflict. Thank you!!

>       text: "Regular expression syntax for custom scanning rules"

Reviewer: Yeah I was wondering if it was a weird merge thing too! Good to find out it won't break the build, though 💡

---

## Overview

Sensitive data, such as credit card numbers, API keys, IP addresses, and personally identifiable information (PII) are often leaked unintentionally, which can expose your organization to security and compliance risks. Sensitive data can be found in your telemetry data, such as application logs, APM spans, RUM events, events from Event Management. It can also be unintentionally moved to cloud storage resources when engineering teams move their workloads to the cloud. Datadog's Sensitive Data Scanner can help prevent sensitive data leaks and limit non-compliance risks by discovering, classifying, and optionally redacting sensitive data.

**Note**: See [PCI DSS Compliance][1] for information on setting up a PCI-compliant Datadog organization.

## Scan telemetry data

{{< img src="sensitive_data_scanner/telemetry_data_issues.png" alt="Five different sensitive issues detected where two have critical priority, one has medium priority, and two are info." style="width:100%;" >}}

Sensitive Data Scanner can scan your data [in the cloud](#in-the-cloud) or [within your environment](#in-your-environment).

> ### In the cloud  {#in-the-cloud}

Author: Thanks, I've been capitalizing `cloud` for `Sensitive Data Scanner in the Cloud` because PM seems to be treating that as the product.

```suggestion
### In the Cloud  {#in-the-cloud}
```

> With Sensitive Data Scanner in the Cloud, you submit your application logs, APM events, RUM events, and events from Event Management to the Datadog backend, so they leave your premises before they are redacted. However, the logs and events are scanned and redacted in the Datadog backend during processing, so sensitive data is redacted before events are indexed in Datadog.

Author: ```suggestion
You submit logs and events to the Datadog backend, so the data leaves your environment before it gets redacted. The logs and events are scanned and redacted in the Datadog backend during processing, so sensitive data is redacted before events are indexed and shown in the Datadog UI.
```
